tests/UI/README.md, before:

# PrestaShop UI Tests

## Requirement

Before begin working on tests, make sure you have installed 

* [nodejs](https://nodejs.org/) v10.x or newer
* [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) v6.x or newer

## How to install your environment

```bash
# Clone Prestashop
git clone https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/
# Install dependencies in UI folder
cd tests/UI/
npm install
```

## Available command line parameters

### PrestaShop parameters

| Parameter           | Description      |
|---------------------|----------------- |
| URL_FO              | URL of your PrestaShop website Front Office (default to **`http://localhost/prestashop/`**) |
| URL_BO              | URL of your PrestaShop website Back Office (default to **`URL_FO + admin-dev/`**) |
| URL_INSTALL         | URL of the Install folder (default to **`URL_FO + install-dev/`**) |
| FIRSTNAME           | Firstname of your admin employee (default to **`demo`**) |
| LASTNAME            | Lastname of your admin employee (default to **`demo`**) |
| LOGIN               | LOGIN of your PrestaShop website (default to **`demo@prestashop.com`**) |
| PASSWD              | PASSWD of your PrestaShop website (default to **`prestashop_demo`**) |
| SHOP_NAME            | Shop Name of tour PrestaShop (default to **`Prestashop`**) |
| DB_SERVER           | The Database server address (default to **`127.0.0.1`**) |
| DB_USER             | Login user of your MySql (default to **`root`**) |
| DB_NAME             | Name of the MySql database (default to **`prestashop_db`**) |
| DB_PASSWD           | Password for your MySql (default to **`empty`**) |
### Maildev parameters

| Parameter           | Description                                          |
|---------------------|----------------------------------------------------- |
| SMTP_SERVER             | The smtp server address for maildev (default to **`172.20.0.4`**)|
| SMTP_PORT            | The smtp port for maildev (default to **`1025`**)|
### Playwright parameters

| Parameter           | Description                                          |
|---------------------|----------------------------------------------------- |
| BROWSER             | Specific browser to launch for tests (default to **`chromium`**) |
| HEADLESS            | Boolean to run tests in [headless mode](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Headless_software) or not (default to **`true`**) |
| SLOW_MO             | Integer to slow down Playwright operations by the specified amount of milliseconds (default to 5 milliseconds) |

Before running tests, you should install your shop manually or run the install script **`campaigns/sanity/01_installShop/*`** with the [`specific-test` command](README.md#specific-test).

## Sanity tests 
This campaign includes a non-exhaustive set of tests and will ensure that the most important functions work.

### Launch all scripts
If you want to run all sanity tests, you can run scripts in **`campaigns/sanity/*`**

#### With default values

```bash
npm run sanity-tests
```

#### With custom values
You can add parameters that you need in the beginning of your command 
```bash
HEADLESS=false URL_BO="Your_Shop_URL_BO" URL_FO="Your_Shop_URL_FO" npm run sanity-tests
```

### Stop tests when first step in failed
If you want to run all sanity tests "safely", you can use the Travis-specific command : this will add the Mocha `--bail` parameter which stops the campaign when the first test fails.

```bash
npm run sanity-tests-fast-fail
```

## Functional tests 
This campaign verifies that each function of the software application operate in conformance with the functional requirements. 
Each and every functionality of the system is tested by providing appropriate input, verifying the output, and comparing the actual results with the expected results.

```bash
URL_FO="Your_Shop_URL_FO" npm run functional-tests
```

## Specific test 
If you want to run only one test from a campaign or a couple of tests in the same folder, you can use **`specific-test`** command.

To specify which test to run, you can add the **`TEST_PATH`** parameter in the beginning of the command

```bash
# To run the **Filter Products** test from sanity campaign
TEST_PATH="sanity/02_productsBO/01_filterProducts" URL_FO="Your_Shop_URL_FO" npm run specific-test
# To run all **Products BO** tests 
TEST_PATH="sanity/02_productsBO/*" URL_FO="Your_Shop_URL_FO" npm run specific-test
```


## LinkChecker
This script will detect not found and erroneous pages, by crawling your back office and front office. It's still a Work In Progress.


### Launch script
If you want to run the links checker test you can run the script **`tools/linkchecker.js`**.
It uses a `urls.js` file describing all the URLs it can crawl.

You **must** disable the Security Token before running this script ! Add this line in your `.htaccess` file:

```bash
SetEnv _TOKEN_ disabled
``` 

#### With default values

```bash
npm run linkchecker
```

## Upgrade test

This test will upgrade PrestaShop version with the Autoupgrade module

### Launch script
Before testing it, you should install Prestashop version to upgrade from.

If you want to run this test, you can use command **specific-test**

#### With default values

```bash
# You need to set PS_VERSION to check after upgrade, default to 1.7.6.0 
PS_VERSION=1.7.6.0 TEST_PATH="upgrade/upgradeShop" npm run specific-test
```

Enjoy :wink: :v:

Commit message:

Run tests on different DB prefix

tests/UI/README.md, after:

# PrestaShop UI Tests

## Requirement

Before begin working on tests, make sure you have installed 

* [nodejs](https://nodejs.org/) v10.x or newer
* [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) v6.x or newer

## How to install your environment

```bash
# Clone Prestashop
git clone https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/
# Install dependencies in UI folder
cd tests/UI/
npm install
```

## Available command line parameters

### PrestaShop parameters

| Parameter           | Description      |
|---------------------|----------------- |
| URL_FO              | URL of your PrestaShop website Front Office (default to **`http://localhost/prestashop/`**) |
| URL_BO              | URL of your PrestaShop website Back Office (default to **`URL_FO + admin-dev/`**) |
| URL_INSTALL         | URL of the Install folder (default to **`URL_FO + install-dev/`**) |
| FIRSTNAME           | Firstname of your admin employee (default to **`demo`**) |
| LASTNAME            | Lastname of your admin employee (default to **`demo`**) |
| LOGIN               | LOGIN of your PrestaShop website (default to **`demo@prestashop.com`**) |
| PASSWD              | PASSWD of your PrestaShop website (default to **`prestashop_demo`**) |
| SHOP_NAME            | Shop Name of tour PrestaShop (default to **`Prestashop`**) |
| DB_SERVER           | The Database server address (default to **`127.0.0.1`**) |
| DB_USER             | Login user of your MySql (default to **`root`**) |
| DB_NAME             | Name of the MySql database (default to **`prestashop_db`**) |
| DB_PASSWD           | Password for your MySql (default to **`empty`**) |
| DB_PREFIX           | Prefix for the database tables (default to **`tst_`**) |

### Maildev parameters

| Parameter           | Description                                          |
|---------------------|----------------------------------------------------- |
| SMTP_SERVER             | The smtp server address for maildev (default to **`172.20.0.4`**)|
| SMTP_PORT            | The smtp port for maildev (default to **`1025`**)|

### Playwright parameters

| Parameter           | Description                                          |
|---------------------|----------------------------------------------------- |
| BROWSER             | Specific browser to launch for tests (default to **`chromium`**) |
| HEADLESS            | Boolean to run tests in [headless mode](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Headless_software) or not (default to **`true`**) |
| SLOW_MO             | Integer to slow down Playwright operations by the specified amount of milliseconds (default to 5 milliseconds) |

Before running tests, you should install your shop manually or run the install script **`campaigns/sanity/01_installShop/*`** with the [`specific-test` command](README.md#specific-test).

## Sanity tests 

This campaign includes a non-exhaustive set of tests and will ensure that the most important functions work.

### Launch all scripts
If you want to run all sanity tests, you can run scripts in **`campaigns/sanity/*`**

#### With default values

```bash
npm run sanity-tests
```

#### With custom values
You can add parameters that you need in the beginning of your command 
```bash
HEADLESS=false URL_BO="Your_Shop_URL_BO" URL_FO="Your_Shop_URL_FO" npm run sanity-tests
```

### Stop tests when first step in failed
If you want to run all sanity tests "safely", you can use the Travis-specific command : this will add the Mocha `--bail` parameter which stops the campaign when the first test fails.

```bash
npm run sanity-tests-fast-fail
```

## Functional tests 
This campaign verifies that each function of the software application operate in conformance with the functional requirements. 
Each and every functionality of the system is tested by providing appropriate input, verifying the output, and comparing the actual results with the expected results.

```bash
URL_FO="Your_Shop_URL_FO" npm run functional-tests
```

## Specific test 
If you want to run only one test from a campaign or a couple of tests in the same folder, you can use **`specific-test`** command.

To specify which test to run, you can add the **`TEST_PATH`** parameter in the beginning of the command

```bash
# To run the **Filter Products** test from sanity campaign
TEST_PATH="sanity/02_productsBO/01_filterProducts" URL_FO="Your_Shop_URL_FO" npm run specific-test
# To run all **Products BO** tests 
TEST_PATH="sanity/02_productsBO/*" URL_FO="Your_Shop_URL_FO" npm run specific-test
```


## LinkChecker
This script will detect not found and erroneous pages, by crawling your back office and front office. It's still a Work In Progress.


### Launch script
If you want to run the links checker test you can run the script **`tools/linkchecker.js`**.
It uses a `urls.js` file describing all the URLs it can crawl.

You **must** disable the Security Token before running this script ! Add this line in your `.htaccess` file:

```bash
SetEnv _TOKEN_ disabled
``` 

#### With default values

```bash
npm run linkchecker
```

## Upgrade test

This test will upgrade PrestaShop version with the Autoupgrade module

### Launch script
Before testing it, you should install Prestashop version to upgrade from.

If you want to run this test, you can use command **specific-test**

#### With default values

```bash
# You need to set PS_VERSION to check after upgrade, default to 1.7.6.0 
PS_VERSION=1.7.6.0 TEST_PATH="upgrade/upgradeShop" npm run specific-test
```

Enjoy :wink: :v:
